now on YouTube well I've got something
to show you
nice it's not that bullshit I'll start
doing that right this is the FIFA star
that's up to 25 now the Euro 2012 DLC is
out today of course you know yes Bart's
is best in Canada so I'm not expecting
to see the DLC through you know while
yet anyway but as you can see here right
it does say Euro 2012 trial which is
free with a red exclamation mark next to
it that basically means that it's not
available now if you've gone past it
Simon's fucked so I ain't bothered by
awareness or bothered about in the first
place but what's underneath it Euro 2012
if I skip along it says free right it
says free okay so go up this morning and
I'm I don't look at that you know just
by chance it might be on I thought
that's when it's on for me it's free and
anyway I clicked on it to go around and
download it I thought now that fuck you
dropped a bollock here somebody must
have done something wrong and and I
thought to myself as I'm going along
wonderfully Bielsa seen aside look and
apparently that's been on since Sunday
right it's now Tuesday so I don't know
where he s bars have gone wrong there
are summer but it says free you get to
99 percent it won't let you download the
rest my theory is that fit the EES bots
have done it on purpose that they've
actually released it on purpose early so
that everybody gets up to 99 percent so
when they actually release it for 100
and you know 1800 Microsoft Points you
can look at it you download it and it's
done within seconds just stop their
service from getting overloaded right
the thing is ID number one are you
really expected that many people to buy
it because you know nine people are
attending that have been on my video say
otherwise and number two if you haven't
got the resources to you know to deal
with it then why are you fucking doing
it in the first place what an absolute
our Fast Company this is what an
absolute half-ass company this is
everything they do everything they
release I remember not last year year
before ultimate sing bloody Hellfire you
couldn't get that for loading the money
in the first fucking in the first week
the not last yeah it was no I don't know
what last year yeah was here before
so last year prime example the ultimate
team web app can't get on it for fucking
weeks because of no birds that kept you
know hugging the service verse every
single time they released something else
it all fucks up everything everything
stops you can't use it for weeks
it's just our crap anyway I'm expecting
this to be this to be released sometime
within the next few hours whether or not
I'm going to be able to get onto it and
play it that's a new fucking you know
new challenge it may be tomorrow that
you see some videos but sir until then
guys let's all fucking join hands and
sail shit that is bars out because
fuck's sake
everything that they do was just crap
anyway guys seal up